let's move on to who right now is cold
is the glue of the UFC in my opinion
it's ronda rousey because she is the
biggest name in MMA right now without a
doubt and you gotta help me out okay why
some ronda rousey his own his own
schedule for her next fight to me in
australia australia might not sure I
understand that I mean they're gonna be
throwing Vegemite sandwiches at her and
everything the rooms gonna be cool
ringside the lady the lady she scheduled
to fight this will be her third UFC
fight so be her 10th mixed martial arts
fight she is a very well accomplished
boxer I mean she ended her boxing career
33 two and three you can't take that
away from her mmm but this isn't boxing
but this is I'm gonna cut your job I'm
gonna cut you up cuz I'm gonna I'm gonna
tell you my thoughts on it all Holly
Holm is good in the boxing ring in the
world she's got a good reputation she
can bring more people to you know to the
UFC this is by all means just a new
opponent for Ronda Rousey I think we all
don't want to see me shit her her fight
me should take for the third time at
least if she's gonna whip somebody's ass
to let it be somebody new let it be
somebody that can it can be better
marketing for you can bring more people
in a convertible like I said bring more
people from the boxing world into the
MMA world I'm gonna go with ya do me a
favor next time you're at the gym ask
people who know who how they own it and
you know and you know and this is the
fête so when you say that he's gonna
bring new people and what new people
whoa just people who follow boxing in my
like female boxers that might want to do
I mean everybody knows everybody knows
in the MMA world who round up Ronda
Rousey is but this chick hasn't had a
boxing match in over two years yeah but
people know her you know why cuz she's a
tall blonde and you know what she people
know who she is now you know what
they're gonna know is her next hmm she
run this will not get out of the first
round but well Ronda Rousey will close
the distance in judo talk sir random
snapper off you know George's right it's
a joke it's joke doing everybody's gonna
be disappointed in it because its first
of all let me let's let's look back who
is holly holm fuck in
my short yes let no one no one that she
is struggled not only not only here's my
thing if I'm an accomplished boxer as
she is not taking that away from right
you would think in my opinion okay I
have a boxer in here who's got over 30
wins mm-hmm all right it's great she's
had two victories in the UFC one
unanimous decision one split decision
what happened right now now this is the
to make matters worse cuz I'm telling
you guys come fight night everybody's
going to be disappointed especially this
is going to be probably the main event
and everybody's gonna want to see say oh
maybe can someone can fuck Ronda Rousey
if it's not fucking happening this girl
the two opponents that she's fought
right now when Ronda Rousey debut in the
UFC the girl that she be was like six
and one and she is better than any of
these girls that fucking holly holm was
fought right now a cheese but like I
don't even know Holly Holm could beat
the girl that Ronda Rousey beat when she
debuted in UFC and we all know what
Ronda Rousey skill set us now it's
fucking crazy it's just expanded over
the last few years it's a joke just in
years here's what hurts me a little bit
because where's the dirt you mean well
it's gonna hurt some people in my pocket
it's just gonna hurt yourself i can when
you signaled by Calif like a lil bit no
no no no no no first off this call in
Australia so it's going to happen you I
don't really see how many pay-per-views
you're gonna sell here in the states
when we're gonna wake up and already
know the results I don't get that well
number two mark huntin Antonio Silva
michael bisping vs raw egg Whitaker Jake
Matthews worse mm-hmm Kyle Noke like the
card even in America oh my gosh it's not
enough is not enough for somebody to buy
this is the original fight that's the
official fight card for UFC 193 that
right there if it was in my backyard I
wouldn't want to like you know in just a
couple weeks ago George and I made a
video talking about how this could be
such a huge card no no because we the
Ronda Rousey fight was projected to be
in December with mcgregor vs aldo and
antonio I mean I know like someone but
no Ronda Rousey is going to headline a
fight in australia on November 15th the
only thing I can think here is they're
doing this for maybe a februari februari
turn around
either cyborg army shooting right that's
it that's it that's all i can think
right because i don't cuz you gotta let
side work try to fight and make 135mm
but this this fight card as it stands it
right now mr. if it happened right back
there i'm not even opening the door to
watch it if there's a good a
slobberknocker there's an eye on your
screen there because it's not touch
screen so it's not a discredit to
anybody on the card it's a discredit to
Dana White and the UFC thinking that
they're gonna get me or him to pay 65
dollars or seventy dollars to watch that
yeah not gonna do it that's not good
it's in Australia I'm gonna know the
results when I wake up and be honest
between the only one I want to see is
Mark Hunt for San Antonio Silva right
and a lot of people are getting to the
point where they're like I'm not paying
for around arasi fight yeah it happens
too quick they end too fast and if you
don't stack the card I have no other
reason to watch this and I'm not gonna
watch it for literally the holly holm
fight if it goes over 1 minute if that
fight lasts over 1 minute God the holly
holm what I tip my hat and you know what
the funny thing is it's got to the point
with Ronda Rousey as exciting as it is
if you think she has a formidable
opponent if you know she's gonna walk
through somebody everybody's like you
know what I'm not gonna do it I'm gonna
turn on ESPN at fucking 130 in the
morning see the real quick highlight
that shows everything except the final
seconds like if she beats the shit out
of somebody and then she she she tapped
him out via armbar they won't show the
armbar right with me or anything else
yeah sure everything goes if she catches
them and knocks him out they're not
gonna show that one punch that knocked
up but they're gonna show everything
else you're gonna pay 60 fucking bucks
to see one fucking punch that ESP is
going to show pretty much because her
fights are 30 seconds yeah and this
isn't gonna be any different Holly Holm
I'm sorry look it great boxer you had a
wonderful career you're not an MMA I
just think slinky with Ronda Rousey you
gotta load more people on the car with
her yeah you got it for the fans like
that card that there it's just it's not
it's not worth it but with that said why
are why is this Cardinals trillion why
are you putting one of your biggest
Australia my faces one of your top
sellers your chance to have a crazy gate
anywhere else why are you moving in the
tall story and why didn't you just load
us up with one dynamite card maybe date
a white well it's a little shrimp on the
barbie
oh yeah well is there anything else we
need the little homeless up no all right
okay well fight night UFC fight night
later in September around the time the
Pope comes cuz that motherfucker got me
a day off of work so thank you we're
going to shut yo hair shut and fucking
Philadelphia down for this dude I get
off that friday September 25th I have
the day off what for the Pope yeah
because they're closing there's a bridge
debendra does of an indictment the Ben
Franklin goes across under connect yet
they're closing it down to traffic
people are gonna walk that their channel
people don't want 15 to 20 20 miles to
see a slow mo fucker in his car yeah
whatever he's doing hi I'm mmm don't
bother yeah he's gonna bless Sam Brad
for his knees he needs to be blessed did
you just go like this toward a new rope
mmm that's good we should touch George
and I we we talked about all these
upcoming fights but we're not because we
were gonna we're gonna make a pact to be
doing more videos yeah once we figure
out this whole fucking bullshit yeah
technology and and then we'd like to be
able to bring some other people one but
anyway we're getting the fuck out of
Dodge and